Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Stay down!
Don't move!
Yeah!
Mayday! Mayday! This
is the Sawyer-Two.
We're under attack by pirates.
Requesting an immediate aid.
They say everybody's
good at something.
Me? I talk to fish.
That's how I met
my friend. Storm.
He's always there
when I need a lift.
Some people think
that makes me a joke.
But I don't care.
You know why?
'Cause I'm also good
at something else.
And that's breaking heads.
Pow! Papa took on
all the pirates.
I was like. "Well. the
pirates think that..."
Hi-ya!
Papa kicked their butts.
Those chum lickers
didn't stand a chance.
Ooh!
Papa kicked their asses
and took their names.
Yeah! Come on!
Watch out.
Sorry. Pops. My bad.
Oh. yeah. this is
my son. Arthur Jr.
See. four years ago.
everything changed.
I met a woman. fell in love.
and the next thing I know.
we're getting married
and having a kid.
This little guy's the best
thing that ever happened to me.
But this kid. he doesn't sleep.
What you got in there. huh?
Okay...
And he never misses.
What the...
And then. I'm up at
the crack of dawn
because on top of getting
married and having a kid...
I finally got a job.
That's right. I'm the
king of freaking Atlantis.
How did I score that. you asked?
Well. I stopped my brother. Orm.
from attacking
the surface world.
And in doing so. I claimed
the throne from him.
At first I was all like...
Yeah!
The territorial waters
are long held...
But then. as it turned out.
being king wasn't all
it was cracked up to be.
It's just meetings
all day and politics.
I'm so bored. I don't even know
which end of the Brine King
I'm supposed to be
looking at half the time.
Whoo!
Yeah! That was awesome!
And if that's not bad enough.
turns out there's this whole
Council of Houses thing
that nobody told me about.
Which basically gets to shoot
down everything I want to do.
The only thing that
makes all the hard work
and sleepless nights worthwhile
is hanging with my little man.
Hey! You missed me!
But of course. there are
fun parts of the job.
Whoa!
I get to keep the sea safe
the best way I know how.
Especially when I get to take
down an illegal cage fight or two.
But for everything I get right.
something else gets screwed up.
Ah. fu...
♪ Born to be wild ♪
- Oh. yeah.
- Here you go.
Slainte.
So...
he's gonna need a little
brother or sister to play with.
He's got a dog.
Hey. I'm serious.
I saw how lonely it
was for you growing up.
An only child.
I always regretted I
couldn't give you that.
Yeah. well. don't be
too hard on yourself.
Turns out I have a brother
and he's a total dick bag.
Come on.
Your relationship with Orm
isn't how it usually is.
Sure. siblings
bicker and fight...
but at the end of the
day. they're family.
You should be able to
count on them for help.
Yeah. well. I'll still take
the dog over him any day.
Hey. look at that.
Holy crap.
Hi. baby boy. Are you
talking to the fishies?
Oh. man. Pops. this
is blowing my mind.
My whole life I've wanted to
share this gift with someone.
Yeah. but you and me.
son. we're different.
We're special.
We're connected to
the land and the sea.
I can't wait to introduce you to all
the majestic creatures on our planet.
And show you how awesome
this world can be.
Yeah. you and me.
I cross-referenced the
coordinates from Dr. Shin.
Nothing.
Still no sign of Atlantean
remnants under the ice.
Looks like he's led us on
another wild goose chase.
Every day I don't
fix my power suit
is another day
Aquaman gets to live.
Check again.
We're close this
time. I can feel it.
Expedition log day 463.
Dr. Stephen Shin recording.
My quest for Atlantis has brought
me to the ends of the earth.
David Kane is
losing his patience.
If I don't turn up the Atlantean
technology he's looking for soon.
they're probably
going to... um...
You know what. let's
not even go there.
I'm sure everything
will be fine.
Dr. Shin. take a look at this.
Please tell me you
found something.
Seismic array is going crazy.
Where's the epicenter?
We're standing on it.
Run!
What just happened?
An earthquake?
No. I think it was a piece
of ice sheet breaking off.
Come on. Get up.
- I think I broke my ankle!
- Come on. Let's go!
Come on. get up. Go. we
gotta go! We gotta go!
Come on. we gotta
move! Come on!
Please. please. No. no!
Help. please! Don't let go!
What the hell happened to you?
There's something back there.
Astounding.
My readings show
something's down here.
And it's definitely big enough
to be an Atlantean ship.
If it is. we might be able to scavenge
the tech you need to fix your suit.
How is this place even possible?
This was all probably solid ice
until we started
heating the planet.
Well. thank God for global
warming. am I right?
Uh. yeah. that's not
exactly a good thing.
The tracks lead down there.
Suit up.
Wait. The tracks lead
down there. which means...
the monster's down there.
Okay. I guess we're
going down there.
I don't believe this.
It's a structure of some kind.
And there's more
buried in the ice.
Here I thought we were
just going to find a ship.
- Everyone. fan out and search.
- Yes. sir.
We've stumbled upon
something big here. doc.
This has to be a few
thousand years old.
Astounding.
Whoa.
Uh...
Ow...
What is this place?
At last. you are here.
Free me from my prison
and I will grant
you the strength
to kill the man who
murdered your father.
You can't leave him like this!
You ask the sea for mercy.
Get out of here!
You need to live
so you can kill
that son of a bitch!
You will take from him
what he stole from you.
His home will burn
and his kingdom will
fall before my legions.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
David. No. David.
David! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
David. David. it's okay.
You're all right.
What the hell is that thing?
Just unbelievable footage
coming in from all
around the world.
Good evening. folks.
In the past five months. we've seen
an extraordinary rise in temperatures
reported around the world.
And that has resulted in some of
the wildest weather we've ever seen.
Yes. this is thundersnow
in Dallas. Texas.
Visibility is near zero...
and there's more
snow expected tonight
than Dallas usually
sees in an entire year.
It's only one part of a
worldwide weather phenomenon
unlike anything we've
ever seen before.
Arthur.
The Council's called for
an emergency gathering.
There's been another
plague outbreak.
Scientists are at
a loss to explain.
But the real question is.
how long will it continue?
And how much hotter
is it going to get?
Where did it hit this time?
The Ninth Tride of Atlantis.
and there are now
reports of outbreaks
in the Fishermen
Kingdom as well.
There haven't been outbreaks
like this in centuries.
Why now?
Increased ocean acidity. decreased
oxygen levels. toxic algal blooms.
Take your pick.
The surface has been poisoning
our atmosphere for over a century.
You can't expect them to
care about what happens to us
if they don't even
know we exist.
If you want to be a part
of the conversation.
we have to take our
seat at the table.
It's time for Atlantis to
reveal itself to the surface.
Your majesty is well aware of
the Council's position on this.
Listen. we can talk
to their scientists
and combine our technologies to reverse
the damage that they've already done.
And I know this is
against our traditions.
but the world is shrinking.
and the old ways aren't
gonna protect us anymore.
Times have changed.
Atlantis wants this.
There's a whole
generation out there
that don't want to hide anymore.
Have you already
forgotten that this plague
killed your own beloved mentor.
and you want to
negotiate with them?
We gave your brother war powers and
made him Ocean Master for a reason.
If we ever decide to make ourselves
known to the surface-dwellers.
it will be to eradicate
them. not to co-exist.
Hey. not bad.
Used to take me twice as long
to get you to go to sleep.
I don't know how
you did it. Pops.
Mera and I have the
whole kingdom helping us.
but that little baby boy
is still kicking our asses.
And you...
taking care of me.
raising me on your own...
You're the real superhero.
- To single parents.
- Mmm.
Well. my job was a little
less stressful than yours.
Yeah. well. I just
plain suck at my job.
Vulko told me to bring the
land and the sea together.
The problem is half of Atlantis
still wants to destroy the surface.
They won't listen. I
can't bring shit together.
Vulko believed in you. Aye.
I know.
I miss him.
Hey.
You can't save them all. son.
You really want to know how
I raised you here by myself?
I just kept going.
You celebrate the wins.
you mourn the losses.
And you wake up the next
day and you do it again.
Sometimes not giving up
is the most heroic
thing you can do.
Humans were not made to
live at these depths.
Yeah. don't worry about that.
You just remember
who built this ship.
I'm more worried about how
long ago they built it.
We're coming up on it.
Engage stealth mode.
Hey. doc.
You stand ready with
that big gun of yours.
Expedition log. day 613.
Kane is off on our most
dangerous mission yet.
A three man octobot
infiltration team.
It's incredible that these
ancient machines we found
still function after
all these years.
All I did was retrofit
them to our needs.
But they require a very specialized
fuel to keep them running.
Kane calls it orichalcum.
I don't know how he
knows about this.
but it all started the
day he found that trident.
Suddenly. he knows secrets
that he couldn't possibly know.
including the only way
to obtain this orichalcum
is to steal it from
highly-protected storage vaults.
And we're about to hit the
most dangerous one of them all.
Okay. you have 15 minutes
to get in and out.
No margin for error.
Yeah. this should
take you through.
We don't want any confrontation.
David. we can't fight
their entire army.
Stay vigilant.
We have no idea what kind of security
measures they have down there.
Commencing extraction.
Be careful. It's
highly volatile.
Loading barge now.
Stingray. change of plans.
I need an extraction now!
All hands to battle stations.
Astounding.
Attention. unidentified vessel.
You are out of the transit zone.
Doctor. power up
the sonic battery.
Illegal border crossing will
be met with deadly force.
Now!
Commencing charge.
Border Control.
intruder approaching.
Arm hydro cannon
and lock target.
Hydro cannon at front border
gate locking in on target.
Chargers set to maximum power.
Intruder in sight.
Take them out!
What are you
waiting for? Fire!
Sir. Atlantean hostiles
are approaching.
Split up. Make your way
to the extraction point.
Roger.
They've raided
the storage vault.
We can't let them get away.
Don't worry. they
won't. I'm on this one.
Hold your fire!
They're cutting through
the Night Market.
Watch out for the civilians.
Warning. Warning.
Illegal entrance into hypertube.
Exceeding maximum
speed of 600 knots.
Reduce speed immediately.
Oh. shit.
David. we're here at
the extraction point.
The orichalcum is onboard and
secure. Come on. let's go!
Not yet!
I'm gonna kill me
a dead mermaid.
Get away from my wife!
Your wife?
First you steal your
brother's throne.
then you steal his woman?
Aquaman. shame on you.
Uh. David. we gotta go.
The entire Atlantean
army is headed this way.
If we don't leave
now. we're dead.
Twenty degrees port!
Fire the sonic cannon!
Come on. Shin!
Lady Karshon has called
an emergency session
of the High Council
to discuss a motion that would strip
the throne of its executive power.
The throne is the
heart of Atlantis.
Too often now it stands empty.
while our king spends
half his time on land.
And now his surface world
enemies have followed him home.
This tragedy is merely a taste
of the havoc that
will be wrought.
if Atlantis ever becomes
known to the surface.
Because if he cannot
protect his own family.
how is he supposed
to protect us?
He's different now. He's
stronger than before.
And he can fight me
without the power suit.
And where the hell did he
get all the new toys from?
The technology seems ancient.
but we've never seen
anything like it.
That weapon he used fires
some kind of ultrasonic energy
that disrupts the
nervous system.
Do we know what was stolen?
He escaped with a large
stockpile of orichalcum.
Am I supposed to
know what that is?
Orichalcum is a power source
that was used in ancient times.
It emits tremendous
amounts of greenhouse gases
that are highly
destructive to our planet.
In fact. we almost destroyed
the oceans ourselves
before we realized
what we were doing.
It can't be disposed of safely.
so the remaining stockpile
has been buried in 12 storage
vaults deep underground.
We should warn the other places
that are storing the stuff.
He's already been
there. It's all gone.
We think he's been
launching secret raids
for at least five months.
This is just the
time he got caught.
Well. this spike in
global temperatures
that's causing
disasters on the surface
and making the sea dwellers
sick happened five months ago.
He's using the stolen
orichalcum to heat the planet.
Why would he do that?
I don't know. but
I'm gonna find out.
If he is using the orichalcum to heat
the planet. we don't have much time.
He is pushing this
past the tipping point.
He must be stopped or a global
climate meltdown is imminent.
We need to find him.
but he's completely
vanished off the radar.
I think I know someone who
might be able to help us.
But you're not gonna like it.
Your brother?
Believe me. he's the last person
I wanna go begging for help.
but he's dealt with
Manta in the past.
and he's the only one who might
know how to find him in time.
The Fishermen will never
allow you to speak to Orm.
He killed their king.
I wasn't exactly gonna
ask for permission.
Arthur. Atlantis cannot extract
Orm from an allied nation.
It would be an act of war.
Atlantis isn't gonna do it.
I'm gonna break him out myself.
Arthur. Karshon is looking for
a reason to seize war powers.
You will be nothing more than
a figurehead if she does that.
My place is out
there where I belong.
where I'm actually
good at what I do.
I'm tired of nothing
ever getting done.
I've got to do this.
If anyone finds out.
if you're caught...
it will tear the kingdoms apart.
Then help me not get caught.
Xebelian intelligence
has recently learned
that your brother is
being held on the surface
in a secret one-of-a-kind
underground facility.
They're assuming no sea dweller
would ever dare
cross the desert.
And here's a special
outfit for you.
What is that.
boy's extra medium?
It's supposed to be tight.
The chromatophores change color
and camouflage you
for up to a minute.
making you undetectable
to most sensors.
They'll never see you coming.
What are we doing for comms?
Open comms are too risky.
I'll be sending a cephalopod
with you to act as a messenger.
That's an octopus.
Tactical Operations
and Pursuit Operative.
Topo. for short.
Genetically engineered
intelligence
for infiltration and espionage.
He also plays a variety
of musical instruments.
Just try and lay low when
we get in there. okay?
You might be invisible.
but your hectocotylus
is starting to smell
like warm chum butter.
Aw. Topo. you dumb squid!
God. come on!
Is ink piss?
The prison is guarded by
fearsome Deserter remnants.
Death-worshipping ascetics
who survived when
the Sahara went dry
by turning to blood
for sustenance.
If they catch you.
they'll bleed you dry.
When you find Orm.
he'll be weak.
They're limiting
his water supply...
just enough to keep him alive.
And if you do see Orm.
you tell him that I love him.
You tell him that I
think of him every day.
I will.
Look. I know he's family.
but you can't forget who
you're dealing with here.
Once you've broken Orm out.
you're not gonna be able
to turn your back on him.
You need him. but you
can never trust him.
Whoo... You look rough.
What the hell are
you doing here?
I'm here to break you out.
Have you lost your mind?
You're the one who put me here.
Eh. why you bringing
up old shit?
We'll talk about it later.
You cannot break me out.
There's a treaty with
the Fishermen Kingdom.
Look. I gotta stop David Kane
from destroying the world.
And you're the only
one that can help me.
So you do the math.
Oh. shit.
Come on. Cast Away.
Grab Wilson. Let's roll.
Come on. Let's go.
This changes nothing.
Wouldn't have it any
other way. little brother.
Do not call me "brother."
Hermanito? Come on.
Come on. Topo. you stupid squid!
Wake up and open the door.
Topo?
The cephalopod?
Trust me. it wasn't my idea.
Topo!
All right. come on.
Wait.
Did you... bring water?
Yeah.
Uh. no. sorry.
I drank it all on the way here.
- What?
- Bro. it's hot up there.
Whoa! Easy.
Whoa!
You know how to
ride one of these?
Are you kidding?
I don't even know
what the hell it is.
- Hyaah!
- What?
Yeah!
Whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. no!
All right. the
water's right there.
Let's go. skinny jeans.
Yeah. All right.
Good job. little
brother. High-five.
No.
All right. Good job.
You know. I got a bunch of king
shit to do back in Atlantis
so we should go.
Ahh! Come on. Topo!
This is worse than I could
have possibly imagined.
The safety and security of
Atlantis is a sacred trust.
No king has allowed the great
city wall to be breached
in a hundred generations.
A hundred generations? Really?
How many years is that?
I'm bad with geology.
What is that. like.
a million years?
Oh? You're calling
me one in a million?
How can you make jokes
at a time like this?
It's undignified
for a king to jest.
Oh. excuse me. Your
Highness. if I use comedy
to mask my feelings
and deal with stress.
Otherwise. I'd end
up looking like you.
A very tight butthole.
Super tight.
You know. if the pressures of
leadership are too stressful.
perhaps you should leave
and let someone who knows
what they're doing be king.
You know what?
I cannot wait to throw your ass back
in prison when this is all over.
You won't have to.
Once I stop David Kane. I'll
surrender myself to the Fishermen.
That is my honor to Atlantis.
You're so dramatic.
Whatever. Just help
me find this asshole.
Well. my contact will at
least know where to look.
What happened to him?
David Kane that I
knew was ruthless.
but he wasn't insane.
This guy just put a gun to the
world's head and pulled the trigger.
Without even making any demands.
Congratulations. Dr. Shin.
That cannon of yours worked
exactly how you said it would.
Well. you found it.
All I did was figure
out how it worked.
I didn't think we'd ever actually
have to use it on anyone.
Yeah. well. what can I say?
Things don't always
go as planned.
But that's what I'm afraid of.
David. this stuff could
reshape the entire planet.
Hey. doc.
We are this close to unlocking the
greatest power in human history.
Are you really telling me
you want to walk away now?
If I said yes. would you let me?
Sure.
You want to see how long
you last in that jungle?
Be my guest.
Yeah. I'll stick around.
Yeah.
Welcome to the last frontier.
They scavenged ships from around
the world to build this place.
The Sunken Citadel.
It is the one place in the world
where the scum of the
land and sea mingle.
It is where people
come to disappear.
Wow.
It's an impressive shithole.
How have I never heard
of this place before?
It is not meant to
be common knowledge.
It's a pirate haven.
Pirates?
Listen. I don't know if
you know this about me.
but I'm not too
popular with pirates.
Oh. I'm well aware.
Relax. It was the only
way to get us both in.
You could've at least
given me a heads up.
Would you have
gone along with it?
- Hell. no.
- Then put a hook in it.
There. That's Kingfish.
He is the one who put me
in contact with David Kane.
He brokers deals with pirates.
mercenaries. slavers. you name it.
Cool.
I'm gonna go pick a fight.
Just let me handle this.
He's our best shot
at finding Manta.
and he's not going to tell us
anything if you go in there
flexing your muscles at him.
You're so lucky we didn't grow
up together. little brother.
Do not call me "brother."
Well...
This is a bit of a
surprise. isn't it?
I didn't realize you'd
been released from prison.
It is a recent development.
Outlaws. aren't we all?
We need to find David Kane.
Bad news. I'm afraid.
David Kane is no
longer on the market.
Not for sale at any price.
He's solely running as
an independent operator.
Where is he holed up now?
In exchange. I offer a favor...
from the King of Atlantis.
You seriously expect me to
play footsie with someone
with that kind of
blood on their hands?
I don't have hands!
Or feet!
Um...
Listen. if the information
checks out good.
I promise you that I won't
immediately come back here
and tear this place apart.
That's too bad.
Traditionally. the
kings of Atlantis
have turned a blind eye
to the Sunken Citadel.
Now. we have to
blind it for you.
Fine. Flex your muscles.
Smash his stupid head in!
Boom!
Gotcha. fatback!
Okay! Okay! We can
work this out. We can.
Talk.
I don't know where he is.
but there have been rumors.
A dormant volcano in
the South Pacific.
called "Devil's Deep."
Talk faster.
It's been barren for years.
But travelers say there's
a jungle there now.
Navigation gets scrambled as
soon as you start to get close.
And if you get too close.
you don't come back!
If I was a betting man.
and believe me. I am.
I'd say that's where
Kane is hiding out.
We got all we needed. Let's go!
♪ Rise up. come Rise
up through the fire ♪
Soon you'll be more
powerful than he is.
But you're not ready yet.
and you involved
him far too soon.
I sense them closing in on us.
Do I seem concerned?
Hmm?
If anything. it's
even easier now.
We couldn't have planned
it any better than...
Oh. Oh.
Hey.
Uh. I... I just wanted to tell
you that the orichalcum furnace
is now running at peak output.
I win.
Topo. go back to Atlantis and
give them our coordinates.
You know what'd be
amazing right now?
Reinforcements?
Great. big. greasy cheeseburger
and a pint of Guinness.
You gotta admit. the food
is so much better up here.
I find that hard to believe.
Hold up.
You telling me you never went
topside to have a cheeseburger?
- What?
- Or a slice of 'za? Pepperoni?
Or a thick. juicy.
medium raw steak
with fries and a shake.
and you dip it...
Even the words that
surface-dwellers give their food
sound disgusting.
You've let your prejudices stop
you from enjoying half the world.
You should think about
that. It's your loss. dude.
Aw. yeah!
Bet you never had one of these.
- What is it?
- It's a cockroach.
- You eat it?
- Oh. yeah. Shrimp of the land.
- Mmm. Mmm.
- Eh?
That's good. Here. drink this.
Okay. you first.
Are you seeing this?
That's not normal?
Definitely not normal. Ugh.
Let's get out of here.
You see how dangerous
the orichalcum can be?
I bet it mutated the flora and
fauna in a short amount of time.
turning them... monstrous.
Whoa.
Oh. shit...
Run!
Come on.
Faster!
What the hell are you doing?
I don't know. I'm
not used to running.
Just do what I do.
Use your arms. use your
legs. Lift them up.
Like this?
- Holy shit.
- Yeah!
- Wait up.
Whoa!
We have to jump. We'll
survive the fall.
Are you crazy? It's gonna hurt.
What do you wanna do. stay here
and fight the hopping demons?
What is that? What
does that say?
The writing is
ancient Atlantean.
"A true king builds bridges."
What are you doing?
Got any more
krill-brained ideas?
See? A true king
builds bridges.
That's a metaphor!
Hey! I forgot to tell you.
Mom says she loves you.
She thinks about
you all the time.
Why the hell are you
telling me this now?
I don't know. I'm just tired of
waiting for the right moment.
Come on.
Looks like my metaphor
just saved your ass.
Uh. David? I just
ran more tests.
and this data is
really disturbing.
We have to stop burning
the... orichalcum.
David?
Oh.
Okay. doc. you want to
know my plan so bad.
Here it is.
I'm gonna kill Aquaman and
destroy everything he holds dear.
I'm gonna murder his family
and burn his kingdom to ash.
I will avenge my father.
Even if I have to make a
deal with the devil to do it.
David. you can't
trust the trident.
I never draw this blade
unless it's gonna taste blood.
Pray I never show
it to you again.
We must be getting close
to the radiation source.
We should wait for Atlantis
to receive your message.
We can conduct reconnaissance
in the meantime.
Yeah. Look. Loki. I'm not
asking for your advice on this.
You've already lived up
to your end of the deal.
So you can go on back to
Azkaban for all I care.
So. what's your plan?
I don't have one. yet.
But he came after my wife.
which means I'm gonna pull
his tongue out of his butt.
Arthur. you are the king. You
cannot let this get personal.
This coming from the guy who turned
the entire nation of Atlantis
into his own private ego trip?
My ego?
You're the one who swam
through the front gate
and challenged my
claim for the throne.
Only because you're trying
to destroy the surface world.
If you weren't such an
asshole. you'd still be king.
Unbelievable.
Wait. wait! Wait!
You took my throne and
you don't even want it?
Are you kidding me?
I hate this job.
Only reason I'm doing it is to keep
Atlantis from destroying the surface.
And I might even be
screwing that up.
You really had no
ambition for it?
Absolutely not.
From the day my father
found out you existed.
he prepared me for the
moment that you would come
and challenge me for the throne.
Wow. that's really sad.
Especially when you think
how easily I kicked your ass
with basically no
prep time whatsoever.
Roasted.
That is not how it happened.
- That's exactly how it happened.
- Mera saved you.
No. she didn't. I
kicked your ass.
Nope. She made the little
water tornado. I fell in it.
Okay. shut up. I
think we're here.
Sleep. aloha.
Come on. let's do this.
Once this is over with.
we should go get some
burgers and beers.
- Don't push it.
- Tacos and tequila.
I don't even know those words.
- Huh?
- Shh!
Hey!
Whoa. brother.
Sasa!
It's an orichalcum furnace.
All that stolen orichalcum.
They're just burning it up.
He's heating the
atmosphere on purpose.
This is catastrophic.
This whole place must be
heat-shielded to protect it
from the surface's
thermal satellites.
Question is. how do we stop 'em?
To take out this reactor.
we would have to crater
the entire island.
Get away from there! Now!
This blaster may be ancient. but it
was built for killing Atlanteans.
Okay. I am so sorry.
I did not mean that.
I just didn't want you to break me
in half before I could surrender.
Please take me with you.
Knock him out and then
help me hide these bodies.
No. no. Wait. please.
I didn't want any of this.
All I wanted was to see
Atlantis with my own eyes.
I thought I could share
its wonders with the world.
I'm a scientist. and I just
wanted to be taken seriously.
David Kane said
he could help me.
but now he won't let me leave.
You expect us to believe you
have nothing to do with this?
I know.
I've done things
I'm not proud of.
But he would've
killed me if I hadn't.
Knock him out.
No.
- Then I'll knock him out.
- No!
- What?
- No.
Fine!
You can come with us.
Oh... thank you.
But you better start talking.
Or I'm gonna give you one sasa!
Okay. okay.
It's the black trident.
It's a direct link
to some ancient evil.
It gives Kane great
powers and in return...
I hate when that happens.
Stop them!
Whoa!
Ow!
No. no. no. no. no!
Not the orichalcum!
You wanna blow us up?
- This stuff blows up?
- Yes!
My bad!
Then stop using it!
Just shut up and let
me save your ass.
Again.
He's going to fight us
without the power suit?
I told you he's stronger now.
He's still just a
surface-dweller.
- Bro!
- Bah!
I never expected to see you
two fighting side by side.
We're making a special
exception just for you.
No one hits my brother but me.
I was gonna kill you last.
but thanks for dropping by.
You're making this easy.
Yeah!
Come at me. the killer of kings.
Take that island down!
Fire at will!
We've got to get out of here.
Malfunction. Malfunction.
Warning. Warning.
Shin. let's go!
What are you waiting for?
Fire the goddamn cannon!
I'm sorry to drag
you all into this.
But the Fishermen can't think
that Atlantis was involved.
Atlantis does not command
the armies of Xebel. I do.
And the Brine Kingdom
has not forgotten
its debt to you.
You may count on us always.
Something happened to me.
When I touched
that black trident.
Why is he even here?
He should be on his
way back to prison.
We should hear
what he has to say.
I made that mistake once.
That's why I know
he can't be trusted.
And he cut off my claw.
This thing took a whole
year to grow back.
Look. he wants to stop
Manta same as we do.
And just for the record.
the only reason we made it
this far is because of him.
I saw the Lost Kingdom.
Mom. I don't know
enough about this.
Is that even possible?
All anyone knows for sure is
there once was a seventh kingdom
and then one day.
just before the fall.
every record of it was
stricken from the chronicles.
How do you know what you
saw was the Lost Kingdom?
No one even knows what
it was called anymore.
It's called Necrus.
And I didn't just see it.
I knew it.
It's almost like I
was... remembering it.
Flashes of someone
else's memories.
During King Atlan's time.
there were seven united
kingdoms of Atlantis.
And the Black City was
a curse upon them all.
By exploiting orichalcum.
Necrus rapidly became a
superpower unlike any other.
But it came at a terrible price.
Poisoning the land. the sea.
even the mind of the
tyrant who ruled Necrus.
Atlan's own brother. Kordax.
Atlan pleaded with him
to stop using it
before the world
was irrevocably damaged.
However. Kordax resented Atlan.
thinking his own brother was
trying to steal his power.
So. he resorted to dark magic and
crafted an instrument of evil.
That black trident.
He transformed his people
and himself into monsters...
to fight Atlantis.
So. the two brothers
went to war.
But Atlan defeated Kordax
and imprisoned him
and all of Necrus
with a spell cast
with his own blood...
to ensure that Kordax's dark
power would never be found.
And that is why Necrus is
stricken from the chronicles.
This evil was supposed to
remain frozen for eternity.
But David Kane has found it.
And it's slowly possessing him.
But even with the
ice cap melting.
Kordax still can't be freed.
Atlan used blood magic to
seal Kordax in his prison.
Only Atlan himself
could release him.
Manta doesn't need
Atlan himself.
Manta needs Atlan's blood.
Blood magic isn't
really magic. it's DNA.
The key to Kordax's prison is
the royal bloodline itself.
That means he needs blood
from either you. me or Arthur.
We're the end of the bloodline.
No. we're not.
Wildfires would have made
headlines across the world.
but now. they're almost
a weekly occurrence.
We're witnessing unprecedented
weather events across the globe.
and meteorologists are at a loss
to explain this rapid
change in climate.
From sweltering
heatwaves and droughts.
which are shattering
temperature records.
to torrential rains
and floodings...
- What is going on?
- Hurricane bearing down
on the East Coast. leaving one
million homes without power...
Make that a million and one.
I gotta get the
flashlight. bubba.
I'm gonna leave you alive.
so he can watch you die.
Dad!
- Tom!
- Dad!
Tom!
No! Dad!
Where's Junior?
No!
I'm sorry. son.
Where's Junior?
Manta... took Junior.
- No!
No!
The medics have
stabilized his condition.
He will be okay.
We just picked up a signal.
It's faint.
but it's broadcasting on an
old Atlantean sonar frequency.
Headed to Antarctica.
- Bring our little one back.
- I will.
I've dreamed of this.
The two of you standing
together as brothers.
Promise me you will
protect each other.
Promise me. Orm.
Go.
Great waves. Nereus.
Your warship is powerful. but
it's slower than a sea cow.
I say we ditch all this dead
weight and travel light. Hmm?
And what are you gonna do when
he turns on that sonic cannon?
Our only chance is to hit him
with total overwhelming
force from every direction.
Not with Junior
in the crossfire.
What choice do we have?
We have no defense
against that cannon.
Well. wait a minute.
So this cannon
sends out soundwaves
that messes with our
nervous system. right?
That's right.
Ultrasonic echoes.
Well. what if we
disrupt those echoes
with another soundwave
on the same frequency.
but just much. much louder?
You wanna disrupt
their disruption?
Well. that's gonna
be the easy part.
Take your weapons.
And ready your steeds.
Hmm.
Really doesn't
like you. does he?
We made a lot of progress. doc.
They destroyed the furnace
before we could finish the job.
but we were damn close.
One well-placed missile
should do the trick.
My God. what did we do?
Nothing the world
wasn't already doing.
All we did was fast
forward things a few years.
The ice hasn't fully melted yet.
but our scanning
reveals a weak spot.
Here.
This will lead you
straight to Kordax.
Power up the sonic cannon.
Bag the child and suit up.
Yah!
Captain. we have multiple
incoming hostiles.
You're too late.
No.
Commence charge.
You've got to be kidding me.
Astounding.
This place is immense.
It could be anywhere.
The throne of Necrus is
in the heart of the city.
I sense something in the water.
Everyone. light it up.
Didn't you say that Kordax turned
his people into an army of monsters?
Yes. I did.
Keep your eyes open.
Well. that'll be easy.
Mine don't close.
Everyone stand ready.
Something's coming.
Fire at will!
I think this goes
all the way through.
My men and I can deal
with these worms.
Go now and save the prince.
Thank you. Your Highness.
Come on. you spineless worms!
Bring it on!
Help me!
Give me the child.
You picked the wrong day
to grow a spine. doc.
Get behind the portcullis!
We need to close the gate!
Get away from my son!
Your blood will do just fine.
You want blood? Come get it!
Aquaman!
Oh!
You wear my brother's armor.
and wield his trident.
but you're only
half the man he was.
How pathetic.
Mera!
Go!
Mera...
Run!
Free me from my prison.
and all my power will be
yours to wield as you desire.
Kill him. and you will
be Ocean Master again!
Well. now this is
certainly an improvement.
Powerful. Atlantean body.
And this one hates you more
than the other one did.
It's not true. Come
on. little brother.
I know you're in there.
Don't you see? You can't win.
Either you kill your
brother or you die.
By an Atlan's blood.
this magic is broken.
My eternal night is ending.
I'm done fighting
your puppets. Kordax.
I'm coming for you.
- Give it to me!
- No!
I can end this.
Don't let him take it! Hasn't
he taken enough already?
Yield the throne.
It's time for me to
reclaim my destiny.
It would be foolish to
think he could ever change.
I knew you would do this.
You are the one true king.
Atlantis deserves
its one true king.
I am the one true king!
You know. there was a time
when I wanted to meet
you more than anything.
Let you know that
you weren't alone.
that we were in it together.
Promise me you'll
protect each other.
Come on. little brother.
let's end this bastard.
I meant what I said
when I first met you.
No matter what.
you are not alone.
We're in this together.
You are my brother.
Orm.
Let go.
Orm. let it go.
I live again!
I have waited countless
centuries in the dark
for this moment.
Shit.
Arthur!
Never.
Arthur. we've gotta go.
The magic is broken.
Let's get outta here!
Hurry!
That's right!
Come on. baby! Yeah!
Yeah!
My love.
Hi. baby boy.
Shin.
Thank you.
Astounding.
All here looking intact.
That's good. That's good.
Well. I'm not.
My claw got cut off.
Again!
You're one tough
crustacean. Your Highness.
Bah!
As far as I'm concerned.
your debt is paid.
Not everybody's gonna
see it that way though.
It's too bad you went and had
yourself killed back there.
Yes.
All this ice.
It'd be impossible
to find the body.
Just lay low for a while.
But don't go too far.
I may need to call you
up for some advice.
You know. with the whole
running the kingdom thing.
Thank you...
brother.
You're not as bad at
this as you think.
The people of Atlantis
are lucky to have you.
You are everything I was not.
You do the right thing when doing
the wrong thing is much easier.
And you're willing
to ask for help
even from your worst enemy.
I know it may not feel like
you know what you're
doing sometimes. but...
keep trusting your instincts.
If you lead.
Atlantis will follow.
After all. a true king
builds bridges. right?
I thought that was
just a metaphor.
Well. your metaphor might have
just saved the world's ass.
We've got breaking news.
We are witnessing history.
A moment the ramifications
of which simply...
cannot be overstated.
A first contact...
with the undersea
nation of Atlantis.
An entire civilization
hidden for thousands of years
about to be revealed.
I think it's safe to say
the world will
never be the same.
The King of Atlantis
has reached out to
the United Nations
and will be officially
seeking membership.
And is expected to
propose a joint effort
to reverse the climate issues.
We are told that
this was the result
of weeks of secret negotiations
with the United Nations.
We now go live to Ellis Island.
where the first official
ambassador from Atlantis
is about to address
the United Nations.
I come here today as a
representative of two worlds.
The land and the sea.
And I stand here as proof
that change is coming to both.
And I'm calling for global
unity for a global crisis.
To finally bring
harmony between us
and the natural
balance of our world.
Atlantis stands ready
to help contribute
its science and technology.
And with your
knowledge of the air.
and our knowledge of the seas.
together we can write the
next chapter in our story.
rather than its ending.
Sometimes it's gonna seem like
our differences are too extreme.
but all we have to do is
look beneath the surface.
to see that we're all
here on this planet
with the same goals
and aspirations.
- Even when our customs...
- Here you go.
Might seem strange
and unfamiliar.
Beer and a cheeseburger.
Extra greasy like you asked for.
And by overcoming
our prejudices.
we'll become stronger and
learn more about ourselves.
We can seize this moment to create
a better more hopeful future.
for our children.
and our families.
My name is Arthur Curry.
I'm the rightful sovereign of
the undersea nation of Atlantis.
I'm a father. a brother.
a warrior and a friend.
I'm the King of Atlantis.
I am Aquaman.
♪ Get your motor runnin' ♪
♪ Head out on the highway ♪
♪ Looking for adventure ♪
♪ In whatever comes our way ♪
♪ Yeah. darlin' Go
and make it happen ♪
♪ Take the world
In a love embrace ♪
♪ Fire all of your
guns At once ♪
♪ And explode into space ♪
♪ Space. space ♪
♪ I like smoke and lightnin' ♪
♪ Heavy metal thunder ♪
♪ Racing with the wind ♪
♪ And the feeling
That I'm under ♪
♪ Yeah. darlin' Go
and make it happen ♪
♪ Take the world
In a love embrace ♪
♪ Fire all of your
guns At once ♪
♪ And explode into space ♪
♪ Like a true nature's child ♪
♪ We were born
Born to be wild ♪
♪ We can climb so high ♪
♪ I never wanna die ♪
♪ Born to be wild ♪
♪ Get your motor runnin' ♪
♪ Head out on the highway ♪
♪ Looking for adventure ♪
♪ In whatever comes our way ♪
♪ Yeah. darlin' Go
and make it happen ♪
♪ Take the world
In a love embrace ♪
♪ Fire all of your
guns At once ♪
♪ And explode into space ♪
♪ Like a true nature's child ♪
♪ We were born
Born to be wild ♪
♪ We can climb so high ♪
♪ I never wanna die ♪
♪ Born to be wild ♪
Mmm.
♪ When your fire burns out ♪
♪ Shine a light
Through the clouds ♪
♪ When you need a friend ♪
♪ If you sink or swim I'll
follow you off Of the deep end ♪
♪ I'll follow you
off Of the deep end ♪
♪ Sink or swim I'll
follow you off of the ♪
♪ Pressure cooker Everybody's
watching Your every move ♪
♪ Every move ♪
♪ You're claustrophobic Fear the
future Fear for your every move ♪
♪ Every move ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Stuck in your personal hell ♪
♪ I'll meet you
down there Myself ♪
♪ When your fire burns out ♪
♪ Shine a light
Through the clouds ♪
♪ When you need a friend ♪
♪ If you sink or swim I'll
follow you off Of the deep end ♪
♪ I'll follow you
off Of the deep end ♪
♪ Sink or swim I'll
follow you off of the... ♪
♪ Fight the fever Tryna
burn out the darkness ♪
♪ Whatever it takes
Whatever it takes ♪
♪ Head underwater You
can ride out the wave ♪
♪ Until it breaks
Whatever it takes ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Stuck in your personal hell ♪
♪ I'll meet you
down there Myself ♪
♪ When your fire burns out ♪
♪ Shine a light
Through the clouds ♪
♪ When you need a friend ♪
♪ If you sink or swim I'll
follow you off Of the deep end ♪
♪ I'll follow you
off Of the deep end ♪
♪ Sink or swim I'll follow
you off Of the deep end ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm